Feels like I’ve come home.
I was lost until Jehovah took me in.
Once, I faced my fears alone.
Now I share them all, all with him.
And he brings comfort to my life,
Makes me feel that I belong.
He says: “Draw close to me, close to me,
And I’ll draw close to you.
“I’ll help you see, help you see,
The good that I see in you
If you draw close to me.”
When I’m feeling low
And my heart begins to condemn me for my past,
Feels so hard to let it go.
So I pray to God it won’t last.
And just to know Jehovah cares
Lifts me up and gives me hope.
He says: “Draw close to me, close to me,
And I’ll draw close to you.
“I’ll help you see, help you see,
The good that I see in you
If you draw close to me.”
Before I ever knew his name,
He saw the best in me.
And now he’s just a prayer away,
My God eternally.
He says: “Draw close to me, close to me,
And I’ll draw close to you.
“I’ll help you see, help you see,
The good that I see in you
If you draw close to me.”